Add Issue Lifecycle and update Contributing (#431)
nginxinc/nginx-kubernetes-gateway: CONTRIBUTING.md

  * [Git Style Guide](#git-style-guide)
  * [Go Style Guide](#go-style-guide)

[Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

[Contributor License Agreement](#contributor-license-agreement)

## Ask a Question

To ask a question please use [Github Discussions](https://github.com/nginxinc/nginx-kubernetes-gateway/discussions).

> You can also join our [Community Slack](https://community.nginx.org/joinslack) which has a wider NGINX audience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[NGINX Community Slack](https://community.nginx.org/joinslack) has a dedicated channel for this project -- `#nginx-kubernetes-gateway`.
```
